# Homework 04

**Deadline: Monday, May 15, 10:00h**

Put your Scala file(s) with the solutions in this repository.

## Task 1: Enhancing FAE with booleans

Add booleans, including a conditional statement (`If`), to language FAE
(see [Higher-Order Functions](https://ps-tuebingen-courses.github.io/pl1-lecture-notes/07-higher-order-functions/higher-order-functions.html)).

Hint: Start with the code from the lecture and use a case analogous to `Num`.
You can use either the substitution-based or the environment-based interpreter.
But make sure not to use the unfinished versions in either case.

Example: `If(e, Num(4), Num(2))` should evaluate to `Num(4)` if `e` evaluates
to `Bool(true)` and to `Num(2)` if `e` evaluates to `Bool(false)`.

Questions for you:

1. There is some freedom of design in the desired behavior of `If`. Can you
   identify the two different behaviors (which do not differ in the evaluation
   result if everything terminates)? Note: One of them is certainly more
   prevalent in existing PL.
2. Are there any features you would want to add to make this language with
   booleans and if more useful?

## Task 2: Closures

Change the *environment-based* FAE interpreter from the lecture
(see [Higher Order Functions](https://ps-tuebingen-courses.github.io/pl1-lecture-notes/07-higher-order-functions/higher-order-functions.html))
to only close over free variables.

Hint: The FAE interpreter from the lecture always puts
the whole environment in the closure, but it would be enough
to store the bindings for all free variables of the function.
